Remove packages via deb Conflicts directive (#42)
digabi/ytl-linux: ytl-linux-purge-deb/README.md

This script was implemented to remove packages which are installed by
Ubuntu Autoinstall but are not needed in YTL Linux.

> The package is kind of a anti-megapackage. The packages that should be

Reviewer: Ymmärsinkö tän sanamuodon oikein:
```suggestion
The package is kind of an anti-metapackage. The packages that should be
```

Author: I just said in the office, that if I ever make my own Linux distro, it will definetely have a concept of megapackages.
